So, tomorrow I'll be receiving the Bronze Star with "V" for valor. It's odd, how well-timed everything turned out. I'll be on my way to San Antonio, Texas, and I'll stop for the award ceremony in Quantico, Virginia. It's going to be held at the Marine Corps Museum. Right after that, we're going to continue driving to Gatlinburg, Tennessee. Phoebe is pretty excited, as she's never really been to anything like this before. I am too, and I don't care if I'm already retired - I was expected a letter in the mail and nothing more. My command's been great, and Pierre was pretty insistent upon this happening. It's going down at 9am on Sunday.
How do I feel about this? Of all the awards I've ever been given, this is the only one that I care about. Awards in the military are an interesting thing. The Marine Corps is known for being more stingy than any other branch when it comes to giving awards to people. Even so, every Marine has ribbons on his chest that he did nothing more than be in the right place at the right time for. The national defense ribbon - given to those who served their country in a time of war. The good conduct award, otherwise known as the "Good cookie": Don't fuck up for three years, and it's yours. There's a fair bit of notoriety about that one, with a lot of Marines saying that real Marines have missed out on at least one. Just for deploying, I was awarded a sea service ribbon, a Global War on Terrorism medal, a Global War on Terrorism-Expeditionary Medal, and the appropriate campaign medal (Afghanistan). Some people got multiple campaign ribbons, not only for each separate deployment, but sometimes for different time spans within the same deployment, when a new operational plan was enacted (i.e., Operation Iraqi Freedom being renamed to Operation New Dawn). 
So, the long and the short of it, everyone has chest candy, Marines included. I have chest candy. I have all of those, also: a pair of jump wings I could care less about. A Navy/Marine Corps Achievement Medal that I received for simply being a really good student. This was embarrassing in my first years in, as most first-term Marines never receive such an award, and with no "V" device on this award, I'd rather not have it.
There are a few however, that mean more than their simple cloth signifies: The Combat Action Ribbon, given in recognition of spending two deployments in the most violent corner of Afghanistan, fighting and killing the enemy. The Humanitarian Service Medal, which I received for provided life-saving assistance to the people of Bangladesh after Cyclone Sidr hit in 2007. My four stars on my sea service deployment ribbon. And my Bronze Star with "V" for Valor in Combat. 
More important than any medal that I might rate is the unequalled brotherhood I've been a part of for a decade. The awards pale in comparison. And just as my most personal moments are second shade next to the brotherhood I share, so too are my achievements. What's important to me is how all of us contributed on those fateful days, and because of our collective WILLPOWER, we managed to come out on top.  On the same day that I did my job and then received a Bronze Star w/ V, my element leader would become the recepient of a Navy Cross, the nation's second highest award for valor in combat. This award sits right below the Medal of Honor. The important thing here is that the only thing I feel (and I'm willing to bet, anyone else feels) is that we are all super fucking proud to call that man our friend, and that he absolutely deserves it.   